doc: Improve English description (#1475)
namhyung/uftrace: INSTALL.md

    $ sudo dnf install elfutils-devel

> The libdw library also uses libstdc++ library to demangle C++ symbols in full detail.

Reviewer: The context might be a bit confusing but `It` means `uftrace` here. So I would suggest this.
```suggestion
uftrace also uses libstdc++ library to demangle C++ symbols in full detail.
```

    $ make

> It builds uftrace, placing the resulting binary in the current directory.

Reviewer: `make` produces `uftrace` and `libmcount*.so` shared objects so better to be plural here.
```suggestion
It builds uftrace, placing the resulting binaries in the current directory.
```

CONFIGURATION
=============

The uftrace implements its own version of configure script to save user

> preferences.  The config file (named `.config`) is created, if non existent,

Reviewer: I'm not sure if "[If non existent](https://www.google.com/search?q=%22if+non+existent%22&oq=%22if+non+existent%22&aqs=chrome..69i57.1046j0j1&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8)" is more common than "[if not exist](https://www.google.com/search?q=%22if+not+exist%22&oq=%22if+not+exist%22&aqs=chrome..69i57.4296j0j1&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8)".

Google search result show "if not exist" is much more common.

Author: > I'm not sure if "[If non existent](https://www.google.com/search?q=%22if+non+existent%22&oq=%22if+non+existent%22&aqs=chrome..69i57.1046j0j1&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8)" is more common than "[if not exist](https://www.google.com/search?q=%22if+not+exist%22&oq=%22if+not+exist%22&aqs=chrome..69i57.4296j0j1&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8)".
> 
> Google search result show "if not exist" is much more common.

`if not exist` is closer to code syntax (if !exists) than English (if [it does] not exist) so for documentation, I think it is better to change it.

If `non existent` feels awkward, how about `if missing` or `if not found` ?

Reviewer: Then let's make it as a proper English sentence so I think `If it doesn't exist` is better.
